Here's a quick walkthrough of the more secure
two-factor authentication flow that I designed for ActBlue.
Because security was really important to get right,
I worked with an engineer to understand
every possible permutation that could come up
as a user was enrolling or de-enrolling their device.
I also designed and coded email notifications
that would alert users to important actions taken
on their account.
In addition to that,
I introduced a security menu item to the global navigation,
and nudges to help folks know the next action
that they could take to improve the security
of their account.
Let's take a quick look at the clickable prototype
and go through the setup flow.
So first folks would set up stronger authentication.
They'd download their app, scan it, and enter it.
And that's basically it.
They'd be enabled.
They could also generate backup codes
in case they lost their device.
In that case they need to verify their password to continue
and then they'd get their backup codes
to either download or copy to their device,
and they could also hide those codes
after they were doing it to prevent shoulder surfing.
Finally, they'd see in their latest activity
all the important account related actions
that they had taken recently.